There's sort of a subtlety that comes with working with objects and using the conc key word.
And to really kind of illustrate it's you.
I'm just going to make one first saw make an object like before I would use var but this time I'm using
Konst the name of the object in this case I'll call it person e was object literal syntax will write
a name like Andrew seems like a solid name.
And then after that what I might try to do is override it so I'll try to set person to something like
an array.
And of course this is going to throw an error because my constant has already been declared.
But what might be interesting to you is I can actually override the name property and I could set it
equal to something like Leroi.
And then after that if I cancel it all log this person dot name you're going to see that I don't get
any error at all it's perfectly fine.
All it does is printout Leroi.
So what's going on.
Well this kind of illustrates a subtlety of the Konski word which is that it prevents you from modifying
the binding.
It does not prevent you from modifying the bound value.
So if you remember from before how we talked about reference types all we're doing is preventing ourselves
from modifying what this variable references right here which in this case is an object with one property.
It doesn't prevent me from modifying the values defined within what this thing is referencing.
So in other words whenever you're working with Konst in objects you can modify whatever is inside of
it as long as you don't change the binding.
As long as you don't try to override this object with a completely different object or an array or anything
else like just a random string or something like that because if I try to do that like person equals
a string I'm going to get an error because once again I'm trying to say change what this is bound to.
And I'm not trying to change what is inside of the bound thing inside of the binding.
So this also applies to arrays for example so if you make a contest with an array will do Konst array
and then set it equal to just some numbers 1 2 and 3 or 3.
There we go learn to count.
And then if I try to do things like for example push things onto it like I'll push on a five or a four
and then if I try to maybe cancel the log.
And then after words I try to pop things off radar pop.
You'll see I don't get any error.
That's perfectly fine.
I'm allowed to do that as many times as I want to with no problem because once again I'm not changing
the binding I'm just changing values inside of the binding just a very important characteristic to keep
in mind for whenever you're working with conc.